{\rtf1\mac \deff8\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f5\fnil\fcharset77\fprq2 Arial;}{\f8\fnil\fcharset77\fprq2 Times{\*\falt Times New Roman};}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue212;\red2\green171\blue234;\red31\green183\blue20;\red242\green8\blue132;\red221\green8\blue6;\red252\green243\blue5;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green100\blue17;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{\widctlpar \f8\lang2057 \snext0 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive Default Paragraph Font;}}{\info{\author Patricia}{\creatim\yr2004\mo6\dy29\hr11\min34}{\version1}{\edmins10}{\nofpages0}{\nofwords0}{\nofchars0}{\vern49217}}\paperw11906\paperh16838\margl1418\margr1418\margt1134\margb1134 \widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\hyphcaps0\formshade \fet0\sectd \linex0\headery709\footery709\colsx709 {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \qc\widctlpar \f8\lang2057 {\f5\fs44 The Egypt Exploration Society\par }{\f5\fs32 3 Doughty Mews, London, WC1N 2PG\par }{\f5 \par }{\f5\fs18 Phone: +44 (0)20 7242 1880 (three lines). Fax: +44 (0)20 7404 6118}{\f5\fs18\ul \par }\pard \widctlpar {\f5\fs20\ul \par }\pard \qc\widctlpar {\b\f5\fs28 Membership and Outreach Secretary}{\b\f5 \par }\pard \qj\widctlpar {\b\f5\fs20 \par The Egypt Exploration Society}{\f5\fs20  was founded in 1882 and is the principal British organisation which mounts archaeological expeditions to Egypt. Its main office and library are in central London and there is also a small  office within the British Council premises in Cairo. The Society has around 3,000 members (worldwide) who pay an annual subscription and receive journals, attend lectures and use the extensive Egyptological library. \par \par Applications are invited for a new post of Membership and Outreach Secretary, initially part-time (three days a week) for a period of five/six years, but with the possibility of becoming full-time and permanent. The Society would welcome applications from suitable part-time postgraduate students. \par \par }{\b\f5\fs20 Duties}{\f5\fs20 : The person appointed will administer most of the Society\rquote s membership activities and develop the existing outreach programme. This will include fund-raising, promotion of the Society and the benefits of membership, processing membership applications, assisting with the maintenance of the membership database and the Society\rquote s website, assisting members in the Library, organising members\rquote  events, and arranging mailings to members. The person appointed will also have to undertake general office and administrative duties. Since the Society has only a small number of staff, a flexible approach with willingness and ability to cover for colleagues will be essential.\par \par }{\b\f5\fs20 Qualifications}{\f5\fs20 : Ideally applicants should have at least a first degree in Egyptology, or Ancient History/Archaeology with a substantial amount of Egyptology, though consideration may be given to applicants with no formal qualifications but with a deep interest in and knowledge of ancient Egypt. Good organisational and IT skills, including the ability to handle both membership and library databases, are essential as are word-processing skills. Experience of web-design, or the willingness to become proficient in this area, is also required.\par \par }{\b\f5\fs20 Salary}{\f5\fs20 : From \'a311,000 for a three-day week depending on experience, with regular annual reviews.\par \par }{\b\f5\fs20 Pension}{\f5\fs20 : the Society is not contracted out of SERPS. It does not currently maintain or contribute to a pension scheme for employees.\par \par }{\b\f5\fs20 Office hours}{\f5\fs20 : Three days, by agreement, out of Monday to Friday, 9.30 - 5.00, with one hour\rquote s lunch break each day.\par \par }{\b\f5\fs20 Holidays}{\f5\fs20 : Full-time staff are currently entitled to 20 working days (exclusive of normal public holidays) plus one week at Easter and one week at Christmas. The person appointed would be entitled to holidays on a }{\i\f5\fs20 pro rata}{\f5\fs20  basis.\par \par }{\b\f5\fs20 Fieldwork}{\f5\fs20 : the Society is keen to encourage the continuation of research interests and some leave, if appropriate, for fieldwork in Egypt will normally be possible by arrangement. \par \par }{\b\f5\fs20 Applications}{\f5\fs20  should be made by e-mail to: }{\b\f5\fs20 patricia.spencer@ees.ac.uk}{\f5\fs20  If this is not possible, then the application should be submitted both }{\f5\fs20\ul in hard copy and on disk}{\f5\fs20  to: The Secretary General, The Egypt Exploration Society, 3 Doughty Mews, London WC1N 2PG. Applicants should include a letter of application, a C.V. and the names, addresses and e-mail contact details of two referees by }{\b\f5\fs20 Friday 23 July 2004.\par }{\f5\fs20 \par }\pard \qc\widctlpar {\f5\fs20 **********\par \par }\pard \qj\widctlpar {\f5\fs20 Interviews for short-listed applicants will be held in London in August and the person appointed would be expected to start work by 1 September 2004 or as soon as possible thereafter.\par \par }\pard \qc\widctlpar {\f5\fs18 E-mail: contact@ees.ac.uk                                                        Web-site: http://www.ees.ac.uk\par A limited Company registered in England Number 25816. Registered Charity Number 212384.}{\f5 \par }}