{\rtf1\mac\ansicpg10000\uc1 \deff0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033{\upr{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset256\fprq2{\*\panose 00020206030504050203}Times New Roman;}{\f4\fnil\fcharset256\fprq2{\*\panose 00020005000000000000}Times;}{\f340\fswiss\fcharset77\fprq0{\*\panose 00000000000000000000}Helvetica-Bold{\*\falt Verdana};}}{\*\ud{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset256\fprq2{\*\panose 00020206030504050203}Times New Roman;}{\f4\fnil\fcharset256\fprq2{\*\panose 00020005000000000000}Times;}{\f340\fswiss\fcharset77\fprq0{\*\panose 00000000000000000000}Helvetica-Bold{\*\falt Verdana};}}}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f4\lang2057\cgrid \snext0 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive Default Paragraph Font;}}{\info{\author Nigel Strudwick}{\operator Nigel Strudwick}{\creatim\yr2005\mo3\dy7\hr8\min12}{\revtim\yr2005\mo3\dy7\hr8\min12}{\version2}{\edmins0}{\nofpages2}{\nofwords405}{\nofchars2313}{\nofcharsws2840}{\vern16521}}\ftnbj\aenddoc\noxlattoyen\expshrtn\noultrlspc\dntblnsbdb\nospaceforul\hyphcaps0\horzdoc\dgmargin\dghspace120\dgvspace120\dghorigin1800\dgvorigin1440\dghshow0\dgvshow3\jcompress\viewkind1\viewscale100\nolnhtadjtbl \fet0\sectd \linex0\sectdefaultcl {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \nowidctlpar\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f4\lang2057\cgrid {\b\lang1033 -------------------------\par \par Egyptology Position Available:\par \par The Giza Archives Project \par at the Museum of Fine Arts, Boston \par Summer 2005 and possibly beyond\par \par The \ldblquote Giza Archives Project,\rdblquote  is currently a seven-year endeavor (2000\endash 2007) funded by the Andrew W. Mellon Foundation, New York. The goal is to create an evolving online resource that will serve as a centralized repository for all archaeological activity at the Giza Necropolis, beginning with the Harvard University\endash Boston Museum of Fine Arts excavations. The web site address is www.gizapyramids.org (same as www.mfa.org/giza).\par \par We are seeking an Egyptology/technology intern for the summer 2005 months, and possibly beyond. The hourly wage is $15 per hour @ 35 hours per week = $525/week (no benefits). The intern could work as many as 20 weeks, not necessarily all at once, for a total of $10,500. Tasks may include:\par \par -- enhancing existing descriptive information for 22,000 historic Giza excavation photographs \par taken by the Harvard\endash MFA Expedition between 1902 and 1942; \par -- corroborating object data on Giza objects at the MFA and in other collections; \par -- transliterating ancient Egyptian names of tomb owners and other individuals; \par -- setting ancient Egyptian names in computer hieroglyphs; \par -- working with Egyptological literature covering the Giza Necropolis (PDF files), \par -- processing recent color Giza images, archaeological illustrations, and other documents for \par eventual inclusion in the Giza web site; \par -- assisting the Project Director in the supervision of students and/or volunteers.\par \par Preference will be given to graduate students in Egyptology specializing in the Old Kingdom (and especially the Giza Necropolis), and who are extremely comfortable with technology (FileMaker and other basic database skills; basic scanning skills, intermediate PhotoShop skills, basic html/web skills, etc.). Advanced reading knowledge of Old Egyptian (Giza tomb wall scene captions, personal names etc.) is a plus.\par \par Scheduling for May, June, July, or August 2005 is flexible, and can be arranged according to the intern\rquote s availability. Serious candidates are encouraged to interview for the position with the Project Director during the upcoming American Research Center in Egypt (ARCE) Annual Meeting in Cambridge, MA (April 22\endash 24, 2005).\par \par Interested candidates should prepare a resume, brief statement of interests and skills, and the names and contact information of two references. Further inquiries are welcome. Applications should be emailed or sent to:\par \par Dr. Peter Der Manuelian \par Giza Archives Project Director \par Museum of Fine Arts\emdash Ancient World Dept. \par 465 Huntington Avenue \par Boston, MA 02115 \par tel. 617 369-3325 pmanuelian@mfa.org\par \par The Museum of Fine Arts, Boston is an \par equal opportunity employer and seeks \par diversity in its workforce.}{\par }}